;
; BIND data file for local loopback interface
;
$TTL    604800
@       IN      SOA     simpledemo.openecomp.org. admin.simpledemo.openecomp.org. (
                        20170221        ; Serial
                         604800         ; Refresh
                          86400         ; Retry
                        2419200         ; Expire
                         604800 )       ; Negative Cache TTL
;
; name servers - NS records
    IN      NS      simpledemo.openecomp.org.

; name servers - A records
simpledemo.openecomp.org.          IN      A       dns_ip_addr

;
vm1.aai.simpledemo.openecomp.org.       IN      A       aai_ip_addr
c1.vm1.aai.simpledemo.openecomp.org.    IN      A       aai_ip_addr
c2.vm1.aai.simpledemo.openecomp.org.    IN      A       aai_ip_addr
c3.vm1.aai.simpledemo.openecomp.org.    IN      A       aai_ip_addr

vm1.appc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.      IN      A       appc_ip_addr
c1.vm1.appc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.   IN      A       appc_ip_addr
c2.vm1.appc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.   IN      A       appc_ip_addr

vm1.sdc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.      IN      A       sdc_ip_addr
c1.vm1.sdc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.   IN      A       sdc_ip_addr
c2.vm1.sdc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.   IN      A       sdc_ip_addr
c3.vm1.sdc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.   IN      A       sdc_ip_addr
c4.vm1.sdc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.   IN      A       sdc_ip_addr

vm1.dcae.simpledemo.openecomp.org.           IN      A       dcae_ip_addr
c1.vm1.dcae.simpledemo.openecomp.org.        IN      A       dcae_ip_addr
c2.vm1.dcae.simpledemo.openecomp.org.        IN      A       dcae_ip_addr
c3.vm1.dcae.simpledemo.openecomp.org         IN      A       dcae_ip_addr

vm1.mso.simpledemo.openecomp.org.       IN      A       mso_ip_addr
c1.vm1.mso.simpledemo.openecomp.org.    IN      A       mso_ip_addr
c1.vm1.mso.simpledemo.openecomp.org.    IN      A       mso_ip_addr

vm1.policy.simpledemo.openecomp.org.    IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c1.vm1.policy.simpledemo.openecomp.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c2.vm1.policy.simpledemo.openecomp.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c3.vm1.policy.simpledemo.openecomp.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c4.vm1.policy.simpledemo.openecomp.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c5.vm1.policy.simpledemo.openecomp.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c6.vm1.policy.simpledemo.openecomp.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c7.vm1.policy.simpledemo.openecomp.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c8.vm1.policy.simpledemo.openecomp.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr

vm1.sdnc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.      IN      A       sdnc_ip_addr
c1.vm1.sdnc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.   IN      A       sdnc_ip_addr
c2.vm1.sdnc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.   IN      A       sdnc_ip_addr
c3.vm1.sdnc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.   IN      A       sdnc_ip_addr
c4.vm1.sdnc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.   IN      A       sdnc_ip_addr

vm1.vid.simpledemo.openecomp.org.       IN      A       vid_ip_addr
c1.vm1.vid.simpledemo.openecomp.org.    IN      A       vid_ip_addr
c2.vm1.vid.simpledemo.openecomp.org.    IN      A       vid_ip_addr

vm1.portal.simpledemo.openecomp.org.           IN      A       portal_ip_addr
c1.vm1.portal.simpledemo.openecomp.org.        IN      A       portal_ip_addr
c2.vm1.portal.simpledemo.openecomp.org.        IN      A       portal_ip_addr

;vm1.aaf.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	A	aaf_ip_addr

vm1.mr.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	A	mr_ip_addr	


;CNAMES
;A&AI
aai.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN 	CNAME 	vm1.aai.simpledemo.openecomp.org.
aai.hbase.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN 	CNAME	vm1.aai.simpledemo.openecomp.org.

;APPC
appc.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.appc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.

;ASDC
sdc.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.sdc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	

;DCAE
dcae.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.dcae.simpledemo.openecomp.org.

;MSO
mso.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.mso.simpledemo.openecomp.org.

;Policy
policy.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org. 	IN	CNAME	vm1.policy.simpledemo.openecomp.org.

;SDNC
sdnc.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org. 	IN	CNAME    vm1.sdnc.simpledemo.openecomp.org.

;VID
vid.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.vid.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	

;PORTAL
portal.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.portal.simpledemo.openecomp.org.

;Message Router
;mr.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.mr.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	
ueb.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.mr.simpledemo.openecomp.org.
mr.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.        IN      A   dcae_coll_ip_addr.102
collector.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org. IN      A   dcae_coll_ip_addr.102
;dbc.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	CNAME  	vm1.mr.simpledemo.openecomp.org.
;drprov.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	CNAME  	vm1.mr.simpledemo.openecomp.org.

;AAF
;aaf.api.simpledemo.openecomp.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.aaf.simpledemo.openecomp.org.
